---
title: Fever
date: 2025-01-29T12:00:00+1000
lastmod: 2025-01-29T12:00:00+1000
audio: https://archive.org/download/digging-for-fire/fever.mp3
audiolength: 1638056
audioduration: 00:01:00
categories:
  - Reflections
---

Try asking DeepSeek about Tiananmen Square or Uyghur Muslims or Taiwanese Independence. I'm not using it. ChatGPT has better voice recognition and can remember things about me. I like that. Can't login with Apple over the web, just in the app. It should be banned like TikTok. Exporting Chinese propaganda to the world. Something there about some level of censorship being useful and good, but this crosses a line. What line? Political? Historical? First piano lesson this week. First in 30 years or so. Went really well, playing some neoclassical pieces (early 20th century French stuff) and trying to disconnect my left and right hands. Pulling apart neurons by sheer force of will. Same on drums, man, this *A Funky Thesaurus* by Charles Dowd is pure groove. So hard but once you get it it's enlightenment. Also trying to learn to read that bass clef. Never quite got the hang of it. Duolingo Music has been really helpful for reading music, surprisingly. I've been sick. Slept most of yesterday. Fever and talking nonsense. Practicing my inversions up and down the piano especially for that top Circle of Fifths quarter FCG and their corresponding minors DAE. Key signatures man, one day I'll be able to look at a piece of music and see a whole row of ♭s and go *ah, this is written in E♭m*. Pool needs a clean. Caravan too. Garden needs weeding. Too hot to work outside during the day, too tired in the afternoon. Zohar and I have been waking up at 5:30am everyday. Meta Quest is a great hardware product but damn, the OS and software sucks. So sick I don't want to eat. Thank g-d for Talia. She made a delicious chicken soup for breakfast. I've been watching [Victoria](https://www.themoviedb.org/movie/320007-victoria) in unfortunately small chunks (about 30 minutes at a time). It's amazing so far (I'm ¾ or so through), love a good one-shot. A [friend of mine](https://tobyx.com) is credited as the Visual Effects Supervisor. Big recommend from me. More blogging, please Tobias. Do you have a writing chair? I find it hard to write at my desk. I pick up my laptop and move to one of the lounge chairs in my office. How do you grow a podcast audience without social media? Or a blog audience, for that matter. I was thinking about this, and maybe the answer is email. I don't mean email newsletters, I mean personalised email to other podcasters and blog authors. Start real conversations. I might take this post down later, I'm not quite thinking straight. No audio for this one sorry. Well, yes audio, but not conventionally.